docs(borealis): DOC-455 add explanation for fields (#977)
armory/docs: content/en/borealis/Reference/ref-deployment-file.md

    strategy: <strategyName>
# The list of manifests sources
manifests:

>   # A directory containing multiple manifests. Borealis all yaml|yml files in the directory and deploy all manifests to the target defined in    `targets`.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this is 100% understandable, might be missing some words

Author: Haha, it is 

```suggestion
  # A directory containing multiple manifests. Borealis reads all yaml|yml files in the directory and deploys the manifests to the target defined in `targets`.
```

            weight: <integer>
        - pause:
            untilApproved: true
```

### `strategies.<strategyName>`

The name you assign to the strategy. Use this name for `targets.<environmentName>.strategy`. 

For example, this snippet names the strategy `canary-wait-til-approved`:

```yaml
strategies:
  canary-wait-til-approved:
```

You would use `canary-wait-til-approved` as the value for `targets.<environmentName>.strategy` that is at the start of the file:

```yaml
...
targets:
  someEnvironment:
    ...
    strategy: canary-wait-till-approved
...
```

### `strategies.<strategyName>.<strategy>`

The kind of deployment strategy this strategy uses. Borealis supports `canary`.

```yaml
strategies:
  <strategyName>
    canary:
```

### `strategies.<strategyName>.<strategy>.steps`

Borealis progresses through all the steps you define as part of the deployment process. The process is sequential and steps can either be of the type `setWeight` or `pause`.

Generally, you want to configure a `setWeight` step and have a `pause` step follow it although this is not necessarily required.

Some scenarios where this pairing sequence might not be used would be the following:

> - You can start the sequence of steps with a `pause` that has no corresponding weight. This behaves as though the weight is `0` since it is as the start of the deployment. This causes the deployment to pause at the start before any of the app is deployed.

Reviewer: it is at

- You want to have two `pause` steps in a row, such as a `pause` for a set amount of time followed by a `pause` for a manual judgment.

You can add as many steps as you need but do not need to add a final step that deploys the app to 100% of the cluster. Borealis automatically does that after completing the final step you define.

### `strategies.<strategyName>.<strategy>.steps.setWeight.weight`

> This is an integer value and determines how much of the cluster the app gets deployed to. The value must be between 0 and 100 and the the `weight` for each `setWeight` step should increase as the deployment progresses. After hitting this threshold, Borealis  pauses the deployment based on the behavior you set for  the `strategies.<strategyName>.<strategy>.steps.pause` that follows.

Reviewer: Double space after Borealis
